---
includes:
  - search
  - invoice_quote
  - errors
---

# Light integration

> In the simplest case, send your users to your partner quote page URL. It will look something like this

```shell
"https://ncp-123456.novicap.com/quote?quote_key=abcd"
```

We offer a lightweight integration for partners in the form of a customizable free quote page. The URL can be generated by logging into your partner account at [novicap.com](https://www.novicap.com) (Settings -> Free quote page).

Users should be redirected to the given URL.

In the simplest case, they will be asked to input their information manually before receiving a quote. You can provide the following information as additional parameters in the URL to skip these steps. If you provide all the information below, the user will see a quote without any manual input. If you also set the "direct_integration" param to "true", the user will be automatically logged in and redirected to her application page.

If you are uncomfortable sharing the contact information in plaintext then you can base64 encode the contact details:
https://ncp-372814.novicap.com/quote?api_key=9dedd03c7e43072f52dd99439e04430a&company_novicap_id=ESB50460609&debtor_novicap_id=ESA08002883&details=eyJmaXJzdF9uYW1lIjoiTWFyYyIsImxhc3RfbmFtZSI6IkFudG9uaSBNYWNp\nYSIsInBob25lIjoiNzIyNzA4MDUzIiwiZW1haWwiOiJtYXJjQG5vdmljYXAu\nY29tIn0=
json hash:
{
  "first_name":"Marc",
  "last_name":"Antoni Macia",
  "phone":"722708053",
  "email":"marc@novicap.com"
}
json hash encoded in base64:
eyJmaXJzdF9uYW1lIjoiTWFyYyIsImxhc3RfbmFtZSI6IkFudG9uaSBNYWNp\nYSIsInBob25lIjoiNzIyNzA4MDUzIiwiZW1haWwiOiJtYXJjQG5vdmljYXAu\nY29tIn0=


## Parameters

> A URL with all parameters filled in would look something like this

```shell
"https://ncp-123456.novicap.com/quote?quote_key=abcd \
                                     &company_novicap_id=GB123456 \
                                     &debtor_novicap_ids[]=GB234567 \
                                     &debtor_novicap_ids[]=GB345678 \
                                     &first_name=John+Edward \
                                     &last_name=Smith \
                                     &email=john.edward.smith%40gmail.com \
                                     &phone=07854123123 \
                                     &language=en"

```
Parameter            | Default         | Required | Description
---------------------|-----------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
company_novicap_id   |                 |          | The `novicap_id` of the company that should be quoted (see [NoviCap IDs](#novicap-ids))
debtor_novicap_ids[] | []              |          | An array of `novicap_id`s of the debtors that should be quoted.
direct_integration   | no              |          | If you provide all the desirable parameters (novicap ids, email, first_name, last_name and phone), set this one to "yes" to log the user in and redirect her to the application page.
email                |                 |          | The email address of the user.
first_name           |                 |          | The first name(s) of the user.
language             | Browser default |          | An ISO 639-1 code (e.g. 'en') of the language the free quote page should be displayed in.
last_name            |                 |          | The surname(s) of the user.
phone                |                 |          | The phone number of the user.
quote_key            |                 | ✓        | Your quote key for authentication. You can find it in your settings page.
<aside class="notice">
  You may submit as many debtors as you want. The user will see an instant quote for the first debtor in the list, and see quotes for the remaining debtors after first name, last name, email and phone have been submitted.
</aside>
